# CSG

> Combinational Sensing Glove

## About

CSG, or Combinational Sensing Glove, is a wearable microcontroller that grants its user access to meaningful sets of data generated by various sensors integrated into the glove. By measuring the bend of each finger, contact between the thumb and one or more fingers, and the acceleration and angular velocity of the hand, the CSG can model many of the dynamic behaviors the human hand is capable of. This information can then be relayed to another device using serial communication and parsed through code into commands for any number of applications.

## Code

`CSG.ino` is the primary Arduino executable to be run for the glove to function properly.

`src/` and `include/` include the source files for the touch sensors, flex sensors, and the generic system code that ties everything together.

`lib/` includes all of the original code and resource used for the IMU/I2C interfacing.

`examples/` includes a bunch of test files showcasing each sensor network's functionality, as well as a simple demo game built in Unity to go along with `CSG.ino`.

`static/` includes the project poster as well as some pictures of the glove.

## Afterword

While this project was originally (tentatively) named CSG, we eventually decided on the name 'Gestur'. This was a Sophmore project which would later go on to inspire our Senior Capstone project of a much more advanced glove tailored towards VR applications, which would also take on the name of Gestur. Thus, I've kept the original tentative name for this project to try and keep them distinct.